pc.md, before:

## Research Questions 

Now that you are all set up, it's time to learn a little more about the tools of the trade. Edit this file and answer the following questions. You are going to need to start familiarizing yourself with the [GitHub docs](https://docs.github.com/en). Docs (short for documentation) are the instructions on how to use a languge or program. A large part of your job as a developer will be learning how to read and work with documentation. Please reference the GitHub docs when answering the questions below. If you cannot find what you are looking for in the docs, you can always start to practice your Google skills!

1. What is Git?
2. What is the difference between Git and GitHub?
3. Why do we create a branch?
4. What is the purpose of a Pull Request?
5. What is the command you can use to switch between branches? For example you are working on the FIRSTNAME-LASTNAME branch and you want to switch back to main.
6. Explain the difference between `git fetch`, `git merge` and `git pull`. What does each command do?
7. What is a merge conflict?
8. How do you resolve a merge conflict?

Commit message:

answered questions in pc.md file

pc.md, after:

## Research Questions

Now that you are all set up, it's time to learn a little more about the tools of the trade. Edit this file and answer the following questions. You are going to need to start familiarizing yourself with the [GitHub docs](https://docs.github.com/en). Docs (short for documentation) are the instructions on how to use a languge or program. A large part of your job as a developer will be learning how to read and work with documentation. Please reference the GitHub docs when answering the questions below. If you cannot find what you are looking for in the docs, you can always start to practice your Google skills!

1. What is Git?
2. What is the difference between Git and GitHub?
3. Why do we create a branch?
4. What is the purpose of a Pull Request?
5. What is the command you can use to switch between branches? For example you are working on the FIRSTNAME-LASTNAME branch and you want to switch back to main.
6. Explain the difference between `git fetch`, `git merge` and `git pull`. What does each command do?
7. What is a merge conflict?
8. How do you resolve a merge conflict?

Answers

1. Git is a third party terminal.

2. the difference between Git and Github is Github is a code/repo hosting platform for collaboration while Git is an opensource version control tool.

3. we create a branch so we can make changes seperate from the main repositroy to reduce traffic and to varify if the changes made on the branch are sufficient for the live code.

4. for a developer to notify team members that they have compelted a feature and for the changes to be verified.

5. Git checkout or Git switch are two commands used to switch between branches.

6. Git fetch downloads commits, files and refs from a remote repo into your local repo. Git merge will merge multiple branches into one. Git pull fetces and downloads code from a remote repo and updates the local repo to match that code

7. a merge conflict will happen when you try to merge two competeing commits

8. to resolve a merge conflict you must open the conflicted file and make the necessary changes. Then use git add to stage the new merged code and the final step is create a new commit and merge the new code.
